Hello Karen,

How are you? It's been a while since I've mailed you. Shibu was supposed to get back to you on this but he became indisposed because of a family medical emergency. Our apologies for taking an extra day to get back to you.

Our team had been looking into the issue but had a hard time trying to understand the issue. Since we hadn't developed the application, we had to debug it to get to the innards. This was further compounded because of the large database, which further stalled our development servers. So we had to combat between understanding a foreign application and slow system performance.

We still haven't gotten any closer towards an RCA or a solution, but we a  couple of work arounds which might offer a quick fix

We can either

1.       Show the text statically.  This means that the admin will not be able to update the contents through the admin dashboard. Any new updates would have to be pencilled in by employing a developer.

Or

2.       Dynamically take the content from DB through custom Query and display the appropriate content in the page (French or English) through custom switches. Obviously this would require the creation of a separate UI at the back end to update the database

We agree that neither of the suggestions are the ideal solutions, but they are merely workarounds.

Since we haven't been able to dig into a solution, Our management has agreed to forego the effort  we had put into researching the issue. instead we shall stick with the earlier estimate that we had submitted for the agreed upon price CAD 1,350/- to execute either of the above solutions .

If you give us the go ahead and approval, we can start the work on Thursday and complete it by Monday morning your time.

As an aside, Our developers have a gut feeling that if they created a brand new template ( they got this inkling a few hours back ), they may be able to replicate the original (native) functionality. But in order to do so they may need another 3 days.  We did not include this suggestion as an option, because we were not a 100% confident that it would work nor do we understand why the original template refuses to work for this template.
